CS Architecture Questions

The minimum seek time for an HDD is 9msec, and the maximum seek time is 90msec. The block size of this HDD is 4KB. How long on average does it take to read 100MB of data?
  The average read time of the data on a data may vary sometimes, but usually the read time on a disk can run by very quickly these days. The usually time for the disk to read data of a 100mb can be up to more than 4 million msec!. The hdd these days tend to be a lot more efficient and speedy when it comes to reading data. Nowadays people would have the tendencies of purchasing ssd’s these days because of the life span and tends to be a lot faster. What they usually call an hdd is a ticking bomb for your computer since the life span of an hdd is pretty short compared to the ssd.

Describe a TCP/IP packet in detail. Describe the header, how many bytes it is, and which components it contains. What data can come after the header?
	Tcp/Udp are basically the most common protocols when dealing with distribution of data over the network. It is what is called a “hand shake” event between the router and server. Tcp and Udp are of the transport layer of the osi model, which would be layer number 4. Both protocols consist of headers which is basically what they use in terms of packaging message data  across the network connections. In terms of resources, UDP is the protocol that uses less resources since it would contain better bandwidth. In these certain headers, both have different byte sizes and different components to them. For example, the tcp header contains about 20 bytes with about 10 components to make the protocol sequence, 1 component would be reserving data meaning that some of the values in the header is 0 just for alignment purposes. As for the UDP protolcol, it contains 4 components for 8 bytes in total, UDP is relatively much more smaller than TCP but a lot more scalable.
How does the network protocol guarantee that a TCP/IP packet is complete after transmission?
   Basically what the protocols do is that they check to see if the data matches along within the transport layer. What the TCP will do is that it it will grab the packet and hash towards a checksum, once that is completed the end point will grab the hash data and compare it along with the checksum, if it's not a match then the TCP will have to retransmit the whole sequence again.

What is the difference between TCP and IP?
   TCP and IP handle the same process but are different when it comes to their duties. TCP is the protocol that packages data and sends them out as packets along with the header to fulfil the protocol, while the IP is the protocol that manages addressing. In other words IP grabs addressing while the TCP/UDP handles managing and packaging the data towards the address.



Why is 3d performance so much higher with a graphics card than without? Modern CPUs are extremely fast, what is limiting their performance?
    With so much power in the graphics card, the graphics card and the transistors/circuitry was built to do calculations regarding computer graphics. It was designed to accelerate the memory intensive work of rendering polygons and much more. Although CPU’s tend to have caching mechanism’s built into it, the memory off of a gpu is a lot faster than the CPU, even if though the device is used to render pictures. The gpu also consists of a processor and a motherboard, but highly advanced built to calculate graphics related instructions. The architecture of a gpu is a lot more advanced to perform at the highest, especially when dealing with games.
